---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bombnull_resource Resource - terraform-provider-bombnull"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The bombnull_resource resource implements the standard resource lifecycle, and also raises errors (failing your Terraform run) at configurable points in that lifecycle.
  The triggers argument allows specifying an arbitrary set of values that, when changed, will cause the resource to be replaced. The notriggers argument is similar but only causes in-place updates.
---

# bombnull_resource

The `bombnull_resource` resource implements the standard resource lifecycle, and also raises errors (failing your Terraform run) at configurable points in that lifecycle.

The `triggers` argument allows specifying an arbitrary set of values that, when changed, will cause the resource to be replaced. The `notriggers` argument is similar but only causes in-place updates.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bomb_create` (Boolean) Whether to error during create
- `bomb_delete` (Boolean) Whether to error during delete
- `bomb_every_time` (Boolean) Whether to error every time one of the bombed operations is attempted. If false, subsequent operations will succeed. Doesn't apply to bomb_create, which always bombs no matter what.
- `bomb_update` (Boolean) Whether to error during update
- `nontriggers` (Map of String) A map of arbitrary strings that, when changed, will cause a normal Update of the resource without requiring replacement.
- `triggers` (Map of String) A map of arbitrary strings that, when changed, will force the null resource to be replaced, re-running any associated provisioners.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) This is set to a random value at create time.
- `tried_delete` (Boolean) Gets set to true the first time you try to destroy the resource. Subsequent attempts will succeed.
- `tried_update` (Boolean) Gets set to true the first time you try to update the resource. Subsequent attempts will succeed.
